[FEAT] Add transformers backend support (#5929)
sgl-project/sglang: docs/supported_models/transformers_fallback.md

# Transformers fallback in SGLang

> `sglang` can fallback to using models that are available in `transformers`. This works for most decoder-style language models and support for vision-language models is coming soon!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sglang` can fall back to using models that are available in `transformers`. This works for most decoder-style language models and support for vision-language models is coming soon!
```

## Example launch Command

> By default, we will use sglang implementation if it is available. Otherwise, we will fallback to transformers one. However, you can switch the implementation by setting `impl` to `transformers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, we will use sglang implementation if it is available. Otherwise, we will fall back to transformers one. However, you can switch the implementation by setting `impl` to `transformers`.
```

```shell
python3 -m sglang.launch_server \
  --model-path meta-llama/Llama-3.2-1B-Instruct \
  --host 0.0.0.0 \
  --port 30000 \

>   --model_impl transformers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  --model-impl transformers
```

```

#### Supported features

##### Quantization

> Transformers fallback has supported most of available quantization in SGlang (except GGUF). See [Quantization page](https://docs.sglang.ai/backend/quantization.html) for more information about supported quantization in gslang.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transformers fallback has supported most of available quantization in SGLang (except GGUF). See [Quantization page](https://docs.sglang.ai/backend/quantization.html) for more information about supported quantization in SGLang.
```

##### Remote code

This fallback also means that any model on the hub that can be used in `transformers` with `trust_remote_code=True` that correctly implements attention can be used in production!

A model just needs the following two things:

```python
from transformers import PreTrainedModel
from torch import nn

class MyAttention(nn.Module):

  def forward(self, hidden_states, **kwargs): # <- kwargs are required

    ...

>     attention_interface = attention_interface = ALL_ATTENTION_FUNCTIONS[self.config._attn_implementation]

Reviewer: typo:
```suggestion
    attention_interface = ALL_ATTENTION_FUNCTIONS[self.config._attn_implementation]
```

    attn_output, attn_weights = attention_interface(
      self,
      query_states,
      key_states,
      value_states,
      **kwargs,
    )
    ...

class MyModel(PreTrainedModel):
  _supports_attention_backend = True
```

Here is what happens in the background:

1. The config is loaded
2. `MyModel` python class is loaded from the `auto_map`, and we check that the model `_supports_attention_backend`.

> 3. The `TransformersModel` backend is used. See `/srt/models/transformers`, which leverage `self.config._attn_implementation = "sglang"`, thus the need to use `ALL_ATTENTION_FUNCTION`.

Reviewer: nit: `which leverages`
```suggestion
3. The `TransformersModel` backend is used. See `/srt/models/transformers`, which leverages `self.config._attn_implementation = "sglang"`, thus the need to use `ALL_ATTENTION_FUNCTIONS`.
```
